Now I'll show you how you might go about doing this inside of six.
So what we'll do is instead of doing a constructor function we're going to use the keyword class and
it's going to be lower case for the class.
And then after that we'll do Person class like so capitalized and then inside of here the first thing
we can do is provide a constructor function.
So we'll do constructor.
And you can pretty much use concise method syntax so you don't need the function keyword and then inside
of here will do this.
But name equals name matter of fact we'll make this first name just to make it very clear what's happening
first name and then we'll give our constructor function a parameter of first name and then after that
we'll add a method called say a name like so say a name and you don't have to add commas.
That's another important thing to keep in mind.
So we can just do this name right here and then after that we'll create another person.
So to Konst another person and then we'll do New Person class set it equal to Jim and then if we do
another person say name it's just going to printout.
Jim as you can see right here.
So basically this is just syntactic sugar what's happening behind the scenes is very very similar to
what we actually did right here.
So whenever we use our constructor function it's the same as using you know the person type constructor
function right here.
So all that's going to happen behind the scenes is javascript is going to create this constructor function
that is going to do the exact same thing as what we did appear.
And then what happens whenever you instantiate your class whenever you create an object based on this
class right here.
It's going to be passed in an argument the first name in this case and we're going to set an own property
of the instance equal to whatever argument is passed in an own property as I've said before is just
a property that exist on the instance rather than on the class itself.
I recommend that you define all of your own properties inside of the constructor function.
That way whenever you instantiate your class you have all of the properties and all of the things responsible
for creating your own properties inside of one space.
Then right here we have the same name method right here.
This is very similar to doing something like Person class dot prototype da say name equals function
like so.
And you can see that what's happening behind the scenes iOS is turning person class into a constructor
function similar to what we did here by doing a simple check and doing something like for example cancelled
out log type of person class equals and then function thing cancel out log.
You'll see it actually comes out to true.
And if I just leave the check you can see it prints out that the type is function.
So really it accomplishes the same exact thing so in other words you don't really have to worry about
whether or not you're using prototypes or if you're using you know the class syntax.
You can kind of use either one and it's going to have more or less the same effect on your program.
This is just by some people's estimation a nicer way to write it.